# AjayKumarGogineni
I have been using various Deep Learning architectures recently and I would like to post the codes of the architectures. The codes are written in python. I have used pytorch and fastai (built on top of pytorch) frameworks for the work done.
The architectures include:
1) CNN for Image classification. We leverage the benefits of transfer learning where the models from a different repository are loaded and fine tuned for our particulat task.
2) I also used pytorch to create a custom neural network with a slightly different convolution operation. We usually fix the kernel size and at each layer of computation, we use only the pixel values of a small region while calculating the activations. I made a small modification by doing a convoltion with a filter with all entries as ones to also include the global information rather than using only the region corresponding to the kernel.
3) LSTM can be used for time series forecasting. Suppose we want to predict the next days weather based on the weather of previous 8 days, and we have Images as data where the Images contain data about temperatues of a particular area over a period of time. A new architecture with a comination of ideas from convolution and LSTM is incorporated in the paper: Xingjian, S. H. I., Chen, Z., Wang, H., Yeung, D. Y., Wong, W. K., & Woo, W. C. (2015). Convolutional LSTM network: A machine learning approach for precipitation nowcasting. In Advances in neural information processing systems (pp. 802-810). There are some pytorch implementations of the model but the training loop is not properly described. I will provide a small dataset I generated using Satellite Images, where the goal is to predict next days image using the images of same location over a period of 8 previous days.
4) Super Resolution using GAN and Feature Loss. Most of the images taken through satellite contains clouds or other similar artifacts. This data goes in vain if not processed properly. I used the fastai builtin GAN modules (video link : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9spwoDYwW_I) to process the image. Clouds generally have high reflectance and are bright in color. We generated a set of Images where one set contains images with clouds and the other does not contain clouds. Both are taken within a time interval of 15 days and hence there will not be a significant change in the geometry of the images.
5) Fastai also provides a very good platform for text classification and has a very good pre-processing. The tokenization and numericlization are inspired from Spacy and does a very good job. I applied their framework on Search Snippets dataset. I will also show how to extract the word embeddings of the vocabulary.
6) Heart Sound (PCG signal) segmentation into its fundamental classes: S1, Systole, S2, Diastole using U-Net and LSTM. These architectures are well studied, this post will help you to understand the code clearly so that you can experiment on various versions of the data and architectures later.

